# 1.1 Think About Time Reflection
I learned about meditation, growth vs. fixed mindsets, the pomodoro technique, practice and persistence, tiny habits, and time-boxing. Time boxing is telling yourself you will only spend a certain amount of time on a particular task. For example, I time boxed this assignment at an hour. This will be helpful in phase 0 to ensure you’re not spinning your wheels for too long - for example, I could tell myself that I will spend 30 minutes trying to solve a particular part of a problem, and if I’m still stuck after that time, turn to google, another student in my cohort, or elsewhere for help (or just take a break and come back to it later). Having not been a student in over four years (and also having never done a remote course like this), I think that having this much time to manage on my own will be a challenge in Phase 0. Some of the things that appealed to me in this lesson to help with that problem included the pomodoro technique and tiny habits. I had never heard of either of these methods before, but have practiced some form of them before. For example, I started small with certain exercise goals a few years ago and now enjoy exercise to the point where I do it multiple times a day. I think that overall what will be key for me in Phase 0 is keeping to a regular schedule so that DBC somewhat emulates a work schedule I’m used to - ie. trying to get up around the same time every day, exercise at the same time, and budget set times to be working on DBC every day.
## 1.2 The Command Line Reflection
A shell is an interface that allows us to access an operating system. Examples include a GUI (the way we graphically see folders and files through something like Finder on a Mac) or command line interface (what we use with terminal). Bash is an example of a command line shell using Unix. I found the material challenging because it was kind of boring and required memorization and repetition. I was able to successfully use all of the commands. While I don’t have a great sense of what we will be using these commands for in a programming context (since we just went through these basic examples involving silly files we created), but I personally file cd, ls, and pwd the most useful right now. That’s the best way for me to understand where I am and where I’m going. Here’s a brief description of the commands I remember:
pwd: print working directory. This tells us where we are (i.e. what folder)
-ls : this lists the files/folders that are in the directory we are in
-mv : this allows us to move files. we used it to take a file, copy it and give it a new name.
-cd: this tells us how to get somewhere - ie. typing cd directory will take us to that directory (or file) if we are one level above. also cd .. will take us back one level.
-../: takes us back one directory level
-touch: makes a new empty file
-mkdir: makes a new directory (folder)
-less: prints out the content of a file
-rmdir: remove directory. allows us to delete a directory (folder)
-rm: remove a file
-help: type into the command line to get help, look up more information
### 1.4 Forking and Cloning Reflection
To set up a new repo, go to the upper right corner of your GitHub account and press the “+” sign. Then click “New repository” and give your repository a name and description. To fork a repo, go to that repo’s page and click on the upper right corner where there is a little fork logo next to the word “Fork.” You may be asked where you would like to fork the repo to. To clone a repo, go to that repo’s page, and copy the link on the right side of the page under the section titled “HTTPS clone URL.” then go into your terminal, navigate into the repository where you’d like to clone the repo, and type git clone + what you just copied. You would fork a repo instead of creating a new one if you wanted to build upon existing files/folders without modifying its original content.
I didn’t have many struggles setting up git and GitHub since I’ve used it for work before. However, I am curious what happens when there are multiple people editing the same part of code and they may be deleting each other's code. How does that get resolved?